Update SCTP support to beta status (#19444)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

### SCTP

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.18" state="beta" >}}

> Kubernetes supports SCTP as a `protocol` value in Service, Endpoint, NetworkPolicy and Pod definitions as a beta feature. To enable this feature, the cluster administrator needs to enable the `SCTPSupport` feature gate on the apiserver, for example, `--feature-gates=SCTPSupport=true,…`.

Author: Well, that is a good question. Once it moves to beta the feature flag is true by default, but it does not mean, that it is true in a cluster that I get from an administrator. So, it is still true from that perspective, that this flag must be true.

> Kubernetes supports SCTP as a `protocol` value in Service, Endpoint, NetworkPolicy and Pod definitions as a beta feature. To enable this feature, the cluster administrator needs to enable the `SCTPSupport` feature gate on the apiserver, for example, `--feature-gates=SCTPSupport=true,…`.

Reviewer: Consider rewording, eg “as a beta feature, this is enabled by default. You can disable SCTP at a cluster level by&hellip;”

> Kubernetes supports SCTP as a `protocol` value in Service, Endpoint, NetworkPolicy and Pod definitions as a beta feature. To enable this feature, the cluster administrator needs to enable the `SCTPSupport` feature gate on the apiserver, for example, `--feature-gates=SCTPSupport=true,…`.

Author: Fixed.

### SCTP

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.18" state="beta" >}}

> Kubernetes supports SCTP as a `protocol` value in Service, Endpoint, NetworkPolicy and Pod definitions as a beta feature. As a beta feature , this is enabled by default. To disable this feature, the cluster administrator needs to disable the `SCTPSupport` feature gate on the apiserver, for example, `--feature-gates=SCTPSupport=false,…`.

Reviewer: Is this more accurate:
```suggestion
Kubernetes has beta support for SCTP as a `protocol` value in Service, Endpoints, EndpointSlice, NetworkPolicy and Pod definitions. As a beta feature, this is enabled by default. To disable this feature, the cluster administrator needs to disable the `SCTPSupport` feature gate on the API server; for example, `--feature-gates=SCTPSupport=false,…`.
```
?

> When the feature gate is enabled, you can set the `protocol` field of a Service, Endpoint, NetworkPolicy or Pod to `SCTP`. Kubernetes sets up the network accordingly for the SCTP associations, just like it does for TCP connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the feature gate is enabled, you can set the `protocol` field of a Service, Endpoints, EndpointSlice, NetworkPolicy or Pod to `SCTP`. Kubernetes sets up the network accordingly for the SCTP associations, just like it does for TCP connections.
```
